
Nah it's like race dude it's same in every aspect but different from outside
Minecraft players are racist

Vroom Vroom🏎️🏎️🏎️🏎️🏎️

Wow you are a true racist!

Least favorite race?

I hate formula one. It takes forever and they just go along the same track over and over again

The Black Night is horrible. White Winter race on top.

NASCAR? IDK I just know only one.
Edit: is F1 too a race?

What other kind of race is there

indi-500

NASCAR

r/suddenlywirtual

yes, me too. I am a professional racist

As a Javian I hate bedrock race

I hate bedders😡😡

Yes they r to much bed coloured

And as a non-racist, I hate all races equally.

I hate all races equally even the bad ones

I hate all races equally especially NASCAR

The messiah has arrived

What can you expect, from filthy little heathens, here's what you get when races are diverse!

It’s more like reverse racism. It’s different from the inside. On the outside it’s nearly the same in every aspect.

bedrock is written in cpp it's the same on the outside but different in the inside

Excuse me but this is not comparable to races where bedrock is coded in C/C+ (etc I can't remember exactly) and java in java as the name suggests whereas races are concepts invented by humans wanting to prove their superiority and things like that and which has not been proven, on the contrary it has been counter-proven (I specify that I am not talking about ethnic groups).

Block is block.

RIP sand and gravel (they are entities..)

sometimes

Yho, when did race enter the chat?

Nah, it's more of a racial/ethnic war.

That doesn't make it better

Warcrimes are fun though

Yes, warcrimes are the reason why I still play TF2

which one?

I just want to play Minecraft, is that too much to ask for?

Do you want to join my smp?

That sounds nice

We are like 10 friends, but only 3/4 actually constantly play, so we are thinking to restart a new one

This is on java or bedrock 🫠

Java...

Nice, I too play Java. Any Bedrock player who wishes to join but can't join? /j

Me

can i pick both
they are both very good

Can I also join?

Sorry you can't it's on [opposite system version]

That's reletable, specially with Mods :3
Because who doesn't like more isnanity in a video game? :D

Yes, you are now banned from ever playing minecraft again

Minecraft and terraria communities have a better relation than java and bedrock even though it is the same game.

True, but a lot of terearia players hate minecraft

in general they don't like to say that terraria is a Minecraft clone. wich everyone can agree about it if you played it at less that two hours. but yeah Minecraft players like terraria but not always the other way around.

I played terraria 100 hours, I like minecraft a little bit more, but they are very different. Minecraft is about building and is a lot more open, while Terraria is more RPG and have a more linear progression, the very early game of terraria is a little bit similar to minecraft, but the rest of the game is just very different

I agree. Minecraft has more content to explore because it is more open. unlike terraria wich will be way better if they add a creative mod caracter.

They probably counter that with "Terraria is older" or something like that.

The last time I talked to a terraria player on this site, they were sounding like a dream stan on twitter

r/fuckpongkrell

Lol

Oh fuck don't hit me with the Umbara arc like thet

Rip waxer

I just watched these episodes few days ago, I feel like this is around the point in clone wars that the series starts to turn sad and serious instead of the fun chill cartoon. I LOVE clone wars even if it makes me cry :(

For real. Still hits deep

That scene makes me tear up every time

It's like the great schism

Whenever I say about Bedrock bad, I'm never talking about the players. We're all as one here. But Mojang needs to fix the crap that Bedrock has become

I tolerate every version of Minecraft
Even the bad ones

Microsoft is the true enemy, they won’t make bedrock run correctly like Java does.

True 
Both are great in their own ways
Java for example has better Redstone but bedrock has better performance

And also more features for vanilla gameplay for bedrock. Java has more modded features, or aka mods.

Mods are my favorite

Eh I mean I like to be creative with only using the base game for any game I play that let me build or create things. But I see why people like to use mods in general for games.

Yea specially some get more detailed like that one Mod for Fallen order (that star wars game)

I don't get why people need mods to add more blocks into the game specifically, except for the obvious making it look accurate. But still I can get by without them in minecraft and still be very creative in my builds.

Your meme is already attracting Java Elitists
I just wanna go one day without Java Elitists bitching about bedrock edition

I’m on the verge of leaving all the Minecraft subs  because they’re so fucking annoying

I don't blame, the Bedrock Vs Java is so fucking annoying
Bedrock players just wanna enjoy their funny block game and then Java Elitists come in and insult both the game and them for playing it

Jokes on you, most bedrock player i encountered was bitching on Java

People don't want to hear it but it's true. Bedrock players bitch about Java all the time and people act blind to it

I have a close friend, he plays bedrock, I play java, he hates java, but play in it because of a survival I have with him, I also hate bedrock because it just feels strange to play

I like bedrock better than Java for the same reason. Some mechanics are different and so it feel weird when I’m playing. People also bitch about bedrock having bugs, but that’s almost always shitty wifi, computers, and lag. I have a good computer so bedrock runs smoothly for me. The bug talk is dumb because Java actually has more real bugs, but they are exploited so often people just call them features.

We all need to chill, stop hating different versions of the same thing, because Minecraft isn’t a game, it’s real life.

Found the Bedrock player /s

OH SHIT THEY FOUND ME I GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE
🏃⚡⚡⚡⚡

MUH QUASI CONNECTION

Connectivity not connection

Here’s my stance:
Java and Bedrock have features to love and hate. Java has quasi connectivity while Bedrock has moveable entities (chests, furnaces, dispensers etc. moveable by pistons), Java has more mods while Bedrock has ray tracing and better vanilla performance, Java has better server communication (the cause for those Bugrock ☕️ posts) while Bedrock doesn’t need servers or LAN for multiplayer. There’s no reason for one to be objectively superior to the other, but you may have preferences for certain features. Perhaps you’re a redstoner and want more predictable redstone, or you’re a builder and don’t feel like sifting through mods for a good ray tracer to show off your build.

What is ray tracing?

this

Pictures look better but you get a third of the FPS if you're lucky.
It calculates lighting differently, more realistic

I full on agree for Vanilla. As of Modded, both have their gems, but Bedrock has much more of a shit flood issue because of the Marketplace.

There are objective downsides and upsides to both versions, but in my experience absolute majority of bedrock simps (I play both versions, but if I could I would play only Java) are incapable of any meaningful conversations about comparing two versions
You can prove me wrong in replies and or downvote like all brainless amebas who mark everyone who says that versions are unequal an "elitist"

Amoebas* 
That’s all

I agree, onestly i play only java, but I played also bedrock.
Im just saying that its usless to insult somone other just for a game

I don't hate the players, I mostly hate people who don't let me hate the bedrock itself (without any arguments)

Bedrock block is sad now

I only hate java players who give invalid or not 100% always happening reasons for hating bedrock. These so called common gamebreaking bugs on bedrock are only internet problem 99% of the time. They aren't common at all. Each version has it pros and cons.

''I got lucky, so I will blame people who experience the bug''
And something tells me that input lag that happens 100% of the time has nothing to do with connection

I am not blaming the people who experience it. I am saying that these are not as common as java players say they are. Only reason it seem to be common is because those posts gets hundred of upvotes and comments.

They are common enough to be a deciding factor. I don't die every 5 seconds, but I do often enough to turn on keepInventory. And even the fact that they appear more often than on java is still a valid argument

Sounds like bedrock mentality...
​
/s

these memes are stupid, very stupid

How did you get that emote? Also agreed

just klick emote button on the bottom of your phone

How have I gone a entire year in reddit without ever clicking that. 

lol

This

Raspberry pi gang rise up!

3ds gang, whose with me?

Isnt there minecraft on psp? Or was that the vita?

I’ve played both, each for a period of several years, and Java is better in many more ways than bedrock, at least in my opinion

I’m just gonna admit it: I only play bedrock because I can’t play java. I don’t have a computer so I’m stuck with the inferior version

Neither is inferior.

The discussion isn't which version is better, but that we shouldn't shame people for playing the "wrong" version.
I think nobody that has experience with both versions on PC will prefer Bedrock

There is no right or wrong version.

You say that because you aren’t stuck with bedrock

True, the elusive things always seem better even if they objectively aren't.

I play bedrock and I love both

its stupid to attack a group of players for playing bedrock edition as opposed to java. additionally constantly being up it being inferior to act high and mighty is stupid.
however,
bedrock is entirely garbage. the lack of support of care for it compared to java is unbelievable, with console players only able to access the same 5 garbage sponsored servers for the past years and duplication glitches in the game that exist since launch its clear the only reason the game exists is for the shop.
also im salty that java edition says "java edition" when bedrock doesnt, java is the main, original minecraft version and its insulting to imply otherwise

Yes, but one is good, the other is shit

I’m pretty sure most bedrock players agree that java is better

bedrock simps after dying of random cardiac arrest in their “superior version” right after paying their life savings for mods

Java simps not realizing that you can download mods for it from sites like mcpe-dl.com and not pay a single penny

Fair enough, but still java has more mods

Add-ons not mods

Java simps after they realize that they’re being outcast from their friend groups because they don’t shut the fuck up about Java

All of my friends play Java lmfao, cope.

Bedrock simps? Shit are people sexually attracted to bedrock?

"Bedrock lives matter" ✊✊✊

YEAH CAN WE PLEASE STOP WITH THE JAVA VS BEDROCK DEBATE AND JUST AGREE THAT THEIR BOTH GREAT

They are great in their own ways. Bedrock great for vanilla gameplay and cross-platform. Java great for mods and redstone. I am just listing the ones I think are the biggest pros of each. Feel free to list others or list the two from each you think are the biggest pros.

Dude it's normal, everyone goes through their Java vs Bedrock phase

On behalf of (most) bedrock players, we can all agree bedrock fuckin sucks. Like, half the features are cut out. WE CANT USE ANYTHING IN OUR OFF HAND LIKE WHAT-

As a fellow bedrock player I agree that Java is better

Java is minecraft. Bedrock is cash cow

Both are the same price, you don’t have to buy anything in the marketplace

Bedrock is technically cheaper since mobile exists

Elitism much huh

Where are they wrong?

They hated him because he told them the truth

Yes.

L

Damn, I need to see now of this format.

it’s minecraft racism. The platforms we play on are our races

There was this dude in a thread talking about when people started playing,
Dude went on to say Java is the only real minecraft version...
Safe to say he's fun at parties.

Yeah like they should just accept bedrock is better

Even as a bedrock player I still think java players have it better

Me too, that was a joke

This cracked me up

I don't agree with this, they are using Minecraft in both game versions but they are not the same. If yes, then you could install Minecraft texture pack in Minetest and call it Minecraft.

Minecraft civil war

Civil war

😂😂😂😂

AMEN! A-FREAKIN-MEN!

Nah, bedrock edition is like a minecraft mimic (fantasy mimic) where it looks the same on the outside but it's inner workings are a completely different creature.
It's also actively harmful to the players (rampant game breaking bugs that have gone unfixed for years) and the game is tainted by microtransactions.
Also i just want to ask, when was the last time herobrine was removed from bedrock edition? Could explain why it's practically haunted.

As a Bedrock player I want to say that thinking these game-breaking bugs are common is survivability bias. The only reason you see them is because videos of them blow up a ton. I’ve played PE/Bedrock since 2014 and have never experienced a falling-through-blocks glitch or spontaneous death glitch. The only one that’s remotely a problem is client-server miscommunication causing random damage when pillaring or pushing you off pillars when mining them, but I typically survive these encounters.

Can concur. Been playing bedrock since Pocket Edition Lite. Never had a very bad bug. Never had a bug that made me want to quit playing, even for the day. Bedrock has been nothing but good to me

Why do you think that's the reason?
One possible answer I can think of is that there's nothing else in the code that can cause that. But I don't think you can view the code. Also, even in free software (which Minecraft is not), there can be bugs that you don't know the reason of because, although the fact that it's free implies that you can freely study it, it may be difficult to find

I’ve seen it in person. I play multiplayer, and I watched my friend pillar up concrete. On his end, he was just pillaring up without issue, but on my end his character was constantly dropping off the side, presumably from clipping with the block he placed that loaded into the game before his jump registered. This is what’s causing the random damage and sometimes the glitching out the sides of pillars. The game registers the block placement but doesn’t yet realise you’ve jumped, so it shoves you off the side. Sometimes the client corrects the server in time, and you’re put back onto the pillar, but sometimes it’s too late and you’ve fallen off. Usually the damage registers anyway if you’re close enough to the ground.

We think it’s the reason because we know what we are talking about. Lag itself is a client server miscommunication, so it makes sense for random damage at a later time to be a client server miscommunication

1:false mirror
2: boats and doors
3:they're too scared to came in

It’s Herobrine

more like: LAMECRAFT (only read this if you are a bedrock user)

Think about how Christians feel about other people calling God a different name, that's how this community feels

Yeah just attack overwatch 2

Minecraft Java are the Jango Fett storm troopers.
Bedrock players are the slave storm troopers. The ones who can't hit anything with their guns and bump into things..

OK, but why tho? You're not even stating any actual arguments

Talking about how Java is technically better than bedrock >>>> insulting people you disagree with
this comment is made by a bedrock player that would play Java instead if they had a pc
Also the hole argument is stupid and unnecessary. Play what you want, let others do the same.

java vs bedrock fights are like the battle of karansebes

It's like Java vs C++

Fight earth, dungeons, legends, and education edition

What? Are you telling them to fight those or what???

At least EDU or Minecraft china they both suck

POV Monjang
😐

One point, Java has better customization in the gameplay, graphics, performance, etc
Minecraft is Minecraft though and that's not going to change

me: cries in minecoins

That stuff's terrible, microtransactions? It just makes Minecraft more like Roblox, kids using their parents credit cards to buy coins of non-existent value just to get things that's really just don't do anything

LMFAO

me: plays bedrock, gets a good world going, diamond gear, elytra 
my switch: nope. you died in the middle of the Indian ocean while traveling to the nether
(based off true events)

True man

TRUE MEN NOW WHAT IS GOOD E WHAT IS BAD LIKE JAVA E BEDROCK WAR THE WORST WAR EVER!

Finally someone said it

No Bedrock is Microsoft

This photo hits different bro

Jokes aside that was a sad clone wars episode

That's always was mistake to fight

So life is minecraft

i hate the fact that everyone fights java over bedrock.its the same game, different features. what we should be upset about is how minecraft education has more features than bedrock and java

why fight in general?

Hey, guys just starting my Minecraft group about decoration on telegram, for those who would want to support me and see some cool stuff everyday.
Here Is my group link:
https://t.me/MCdecoration

bruh what the hellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

bruh what the hellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

join up
