
The inspiration for Mexico on inferno

Ohhh, Mexico is the tunnel? I never knew what the fuck people were referring to.

This is the real reason I started calling it underpass.

TIL.

I agree. 

http://i.imgur.com/V7y7j4o.gif

http://i.imgur.com/60SgknKh.gif

My day is now complete...

So is the circle of life.

Aswell the circle of jerks

the ciiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiircle of jerks, 
and it disproves us all

Not even cat like reflexes are enough to conquer that device.

Nooooo!!! Damn you mobile restrictions!

Is this for sale somewhere!?!

http://i.imgur.com/RaBxBBf.gif

not so much "whacking" as it is "booping."

It needs to be sped up

batting 

I'm not sure if I'd click a link called "Batting kittens"

Trench warfare 

BF1 is that you?

I think trench warfare was a thing way before BF1 :P

Boyfriend One? How many boyfriends do you have?

Implying that Battlefield 1 portrays World War One. Play Verdun for that.

Nice try BlackMill games

It's definitely Japan.

Sometimes I wish the US had Japanese neighborhood stylings.

It looks quite like most streets I've seen in Malaysia too.

It's like an episode of Tom and Jerry, but with two Toms.

Great! Now I'm hoping for a road runner with two Wile E. Coyotes.

Spy vs Spy

Holy shit, that's actually true!

The viewers are Jerry.

homospecies partnerships are inferior comedy duos

I like how it was preparing to run over the top if the other cat decided to go under. 

Oh my god. Please tell me they did this for hours.

They did this for hours.

Source: have been watching all night; they never stopped. Need sleep....

LIAR its day time in video

Yea but after hours, it got night

Not where he is.

Crisis averted.  We can take him off suicide watch now.  

You can watch that gif for hours, if you wish. Satisfied?

The cat was still so clean after passing through the drain, I bet it's in Japan.

That's me chasing a T on Inferno..

/r/globaloffensive is leaking

So satisfying to see the full video. In the end, tunnel cat's short attention span proved a final weakness. This battle goes to perseverance cat. 

Ozzy Man reviews tunnel cat 

This needs to be bumped up to the top

2 buttwiggles 1 gif

Better than anything on NBC

So that's what the bugs in my code and I would look like if we both were cats. 

source?

GIF originally from FB, can't find the video connected to this. The area with large drains and block wall looks like Japanese style so if someone can search in Japanese, maybe the source video can be found?

Could be indonesia.  The have street drains exactly like that.  Similar cats also.

Could be Indian too.

Thailand uses similar setups in a lot of areas too.  Gonna be hard to pin this down without anything specific in the video.

https://www.facebook.com/ozzymanreviews/videos/1186600651375800/

ty

what a pussy running away like that

I always hated that Mario level 

Hour 3: He STILL hasn't caught that other cat. What a dummy.

I could watch this all damn day. 

This could be an amazing perfect loop...

Classic.

I wonder if they took turns like a game of tag

Bazinga!

This would be an easy toy to make for cats. Make it out of wood or cardboard even.

Someone please dub this with some looney tunes special effects

Tom Pendergast

Too lovely!!

What sorcery is this

Cats - the cool people at school, having fun and eating the lunch you bring them every day

my cat is same as the cat in this video, its funny .

Video link?

found GIF in facebook, couldn't find source video. If someone knows Japanese, maybe he/she can try searching using Japanese terms.

Plot twist: it's the same cat stuck in a time loop!

Modern Ouroboros.

This is in Japan, isn't it? I recognize those side-street canal passageways for water

Japan

The good ol' "Hey! Look over there!" 

Catch me if you can~

Cats,  you never know if they're playing or trying  to murder each other. 

Please, someone create a (good) loop out of this :)

This is a good metaphor for my love life

I wonder if eventually one starts to charge, but then turns back and waits until the other's head pops up, then SWAT!!!

One is not so smarty.

thats so cute....i wanna have one,

Fuck cat 

Virtually mindless pillows that shit and eat.  But their psychopathy and sociopathy are endless sources of entertainment.

Bazzinga

Favorite comment on this thread.
