
I loved Strikers. Zenkichi and Sophia really grew on me, and I enjoyed being able to run around the map as characters other than Joker

That sequence of Zenkichi sneaking around in the Metaverse as a regular guy was hilarious to me

The phantom dash being replaced by the middle aged dad sprint was hilarious

honestly 13/10 content

Makoto was just so much dang fun too play. Absolutely loved punching everything

They let ryuji say fuck so it's a good game

Not only that, the scene he says it in makes him a huge chad 🔥

Defending my favorite red-headed bless user

Wow it’s roughly 15 degrees cooler in this shade

Sub Arctic chills down my spine

Just like how he didn't manifest a persona when his own life was in danger, but did it to save someone else, Ryuji can only say fuck for the sake of another

Iirc he also swore a couple times in vanilla and royal too?

He swears frequently but he never actually said fuck until Strikers. Whenever he wanted to he'd just say "eff".

he drops one f bomb in Futaba's palace
"That's a fucked up thing to say to a kid"
something like that

Which is a nonvoiced line, and also only in the base game.
In Royal the scene is voiced, and the "fucked" changes to "effed".

That probably wasn't actually voiced like in confidant rank ups though.

Yeah it's prolly either a translation thing (bad swear word but not necessarily worthy of an f bomb), or it'll be censored for the english speaking folk'll be my guess

For real?
Time to play it then

i have nothing to add other than i fucking love zenkichi

Based Zenkichi enjoyer

Is there people who dislike zenkichi though?

Character wise, I don't know of any, but play style wise I really didn't enjoy him, his gimmick wasn't very fun

idk i played just to hear the voice lines tbh ✊😕

His character is amazing, don't get me wrong. But his gimmick is he can use health to do slightly more damage and has natural lifesteal when he's not using his health

Felt, Strikers was never really my genre gameplay-wise so I just played as characters I liked/needed for advantage

He's such a perfect addition to the phantom thieves: An adult who's simultaneously part of the societal forces oppressing the thieves, and just as oppressed by those forces himself.
It opened up so many opportunities for fantastic character interaction, both comedic and deeply sincere.  
Zenkichi was definitely the star of the game for me.

That pretty much shows that it would be much more interesting if our groups wouldn't just be highschool students. Different ages can give us different perspectives, whoa who would thought?
One of the reasons Iove P2 so much.

I would love new games move on from the High School trope but it's too much copium. There would be so much more interesting angles and stories to explore other than hitting the same notes and school trips in each game.

I’m glad this is looking to be a popular opinion among players

Took a while to get used to the combat but great game.

i got stuck in the first boss, dropped the game for months, then decided to try a bit more because i was bored and after that i enjoyed the whole game lol

That first boss was such a bizzare difficulty spike.
I had to drop the difficulty a level for that one fight, but then the rest of the game proceeded smoothly.

This might be a hot take, but I liked strikers combat better than persona5 royal

Not hot at all, Royal combat was laughably easy even without the DLC

Really comparing turn based to hack n Slash? That's like comparing MGS combat to MGR.

Loved it all besides the gameplay tbh. Great new characters, villains, and twist on the metaverse! Just not a fan of the warriors-type games

I expected Warriors-type gameplay (traditional Dynasty Warriors, spinoffs like Zelda and FE Warriors) but it wasn't the old formula. No tiny corridor with a gate that you have to beat a captain or boss thing to continue at every section. There are enough changes to make it feel different from DW. I like it.

It weirdly feels more like Kingdom Hearts than Warriors. The only "Warriors" element is the basic combo exit system, and the mass of jamokes to get mowed down between targeting real threats.

I'm playing through it like now and am enjoying it! The only other Warriors-type game I've played is Hyrule Warriors and I hated the gameplay because it was so same-y. Having actual dungeons and weaknesses and combos and such makes it feel way better.

I played some of the Dynasty Warriors games and Strikers felt different enough.

After playing Strikers and Age of Calamity I now know the Warriors style is my cup of tea.
I hope Final Fantasy gets a Warriors game.
I want to play as Vivi.

Loved it, it has one of my favourite awakenings and once I lowered the difficulty the game was fun

Very fun time. Gameplay was enjoyable but nothing particularly standout and the basic plot was broadly the same as the original, but I still very much enjoyed it. There are some areas in which I even feel it does a better job than its predecessor, including the soundtrack, character interactions and (I may get some flack for this but I don’t care) the additional party members outside of the core eight.

I enjoyed spending more time with the Persona cast, and even enjoyed the introductions of new characters.  I enjoyed the new Real World locations, and didn't feel like they were out of place.  
I didn't love or hate the combat.  It felt like a step back when compared to P5, and even as a musou game was never felt super engaging.  I never found myself intentionally getting into battles.  The dungeons weren't super memorable, as the only ones I can recall are the first one and the Ice one.

I thought the castle level was quite fun to be honest

Alice Hiiragi is so darn relatable to me.

The only thing I don't like about the game is the combat. Everything else is fine but combat is annoying as hell. And the jails all feel the same. Unlike persona 5, when some aspect of a Palace would be changed, the jails all feel the same. Other than that, I'm always happy to see a new story with my phantom theives.

Honestly I coudnt care at all when they tried to progress Sophie’s character but zenkichi though I loved that man he was such a cool and great character

I couldn’t care less about Sophie.  Zenkichi was my favorite though

I have yet to get it but have been waiting to more recently. I don't necessarily like these types of games, theres like one dynasty warrior game I really like and I like the first zelda game like this but not the sequel, 
I'm sure I'll like this, I'll get it on sale one day

I played up to after the Okinawa location, and kinda put it down because I had got done playing persona 5 royal for the second time when I started strikers and was getting burnt out. I’ll get back to it eventually but I’m probably not gonna restart the game. From what I played it was fun. It was more of the characters I loved, it was more haru which was awesome, and daredevil is a kickass track

I definitely played as Haru most of the game.

I wasn't a fan of the combat and couldn't get through it, which disappointed me.
But hey, each to their own.  Glad so many enjoyed it!

Fantastic game, the gameplay is really solid if you just take a moment to learn how to play and each thief being playable and having unique play styles is a huge positive.
Sophia and Zenkichi also must be in any P5 related content from now on, they were both so good i enjoyed them much more than Sumi (not that she’s bad or anything)

I'm not a fan of Warrior-type Games. But i love P5 Strikers. It has a great Story, wonderful new Characters and i enjoyed the gameplay in strikers very much.

Not a big fan of the gameplay but it did grow on me over time. The characters and story really carried it for me. Had a good time with it.

Unpopular opinion, but I actually liked it more than p5/p5r. I think the fact that it was so much shorter really helped the writing and made it feel much more tighter with less lows. I did miss the confidant/SL stuff just cause I  time management stuff in games and the bond system wasn’t as fun, but it wasn’t a huge loss for me. I really like the bosses/antagonists as I much more prefer more morally grey villains than outright evil ones like in p5. Gameplay was fine I enjoyed it it was something refreshing for the Persona series and it was fun to take a break from turned based combat. I don’t hate turned based combat, but I play a lot of game with it so it was nice to have something different. The characters Strikers introduced, Sophia and Zenkichi, were wonderful. They felt like a very natural part of the group and had a great dynamic with them. I’m usually pretty meh with the true final bosses in Persona games, but I loved the one in Strikers. The PT truly felt like a team fighting it cause you had to use everyone and the cutscene with all of them taking it down is one of my fave scenes in all of Persona.

Does Strikers account for Royal or just Vanilla? I'm curious as to where Kasumi/Sumire is during the events in Striker since its only a few months after P5/R and she is not present.

It only acknowledges Vanilla. It's still canon compliant with Royal, nothing in it contradicts the additional content, it just doesn't really talk about Sumi or Akechi or any of the other Royal specific stuff.

It was developed at the same time as Royal and was announced like the day after Royal’s gameplay trailer dropped, so it doesn’t really account for it. They’re canon-compatible, but Strikers doesn’t acknowledge anything Royal-specific.

Apparently they vaguely mention the extra palace in Royal at some point in the game but nothing more specific as they were developed at the same time.

It’s all apples and oranges thing, but I did not enjoy it. It’s not a very good musou game. The camera is very messy in a way that it’s hard to tell what’s going on and enjoy the characters, fights and animations. Game sequence is immensely simplified in a way that you can go in and out of palaces indefinitely during the day, and even heal while doing so. Dodge system is very clunky to the point that some damage coming your way is guaranteed to hit (or maybe I’m bad at this while doing well in Elden Ring). 
Maybe the plot and characters are something to enjoy, but I could not get there.

the one thing i didnt like was that there were no social interactions like in the main game, aside from the ferris wheel

The ability to heal infinitely in a single day jarred me as well. A huge part of P5 was managing resources and SP over each infiltration, but P5S enables you to bypass that entirely and grind for EXP and money as much as you wish.

I gotta disagree with this.  Resource management was there, but so minimal and easily ignored, even as a first time player without a guide, that it mostly felt like an afterthought.  If it had been a more prominent mechanic in the main game, I'd probably have missed its exclusion in Strikers, but instead, for me, it felt refreshing that the designers basically were just acknowledging that nominal attempts at resource juggling mechanics were outside the scope of the game they were trying to make.

As a musou game enjoyer and a persona 5 enjoyer, I was unfathomably hyped for this and enjoyed every bit of the game. The new characters were so cool and really made me feel like the sequel was in fact a sequel, + the music was fantastic as always.

The story was a rehash of P5 but I loved the gameplay

I thought it was great! I love Zenkichi and Sophia

Controversial opinion but it’s the best spin-off in the entire persona series.

By gameplay standards I think it's great, I know it's very different but it's really fun and got me to actually learn and get interested in the persona fusion system not to mention as someone who is tired of warrior tie in games it was fun and snappy throughout and retains far more of the original game then any other said tie in games, by story standards it has some fun moments/memorable moments with that cast but overall is a third re-hash of the same overarching message that is is honestly worse imo then the first two.

It is very fun, I really enjoyed it but it could've been more, at times it seems the devs stopped some great ideas for some reason and tried for the game to be shorter.
The Calendar and a new type of Confidants system with new People in the different cities, even if they werent many, should have been there imo.

I really don't get why so many people had a problem with it. I found it almost as good as the original

It was really fun. I just wish it didn't ignore Royal continuity.

Sophia and Zenkichi are both in my top 5 Phantom Thieves.

loved, i think i even prefer it than 5 vanilla/royal. i had so much fun chopping everything as haru

I thought it was a great game overall despite me not being a big Dynasty Warriors fan. The new characters were great, the gameplay was very fun, and the soundtrack was amazing.

I had a blast playing it, but I don't know if Ill ever play thru it again. Enjoyed every moment tho

Loved it. Loved the intensity and themes of the new awakenings. The combat system was so interesting to experiment with in a persona setting. Loved all of the interactions between the thieves. Loved how some of the thieves got more spotlight due to the monarchs reflecting them in some way. Wish they all did, but oh well.
I love ng+ on merciless, too. Really forces me to play more strategically. Have a full dedicated team of personas, and it's going just fine. My team is dying a lot, but I can keep them sustained with a maxed heal-dedicated sarasvati. Just need a lot of sp and hp incenses so I've been farming dire shadows, but they are real tough on merciless. No joke. 
Overall, I loved strikers. A very enjoyable game for a persona fan.

The game was pretty good, but I had to turn it to easy mode because on Normal the game kicks your ass. I can’t be the only one, right?
Seriously I couldn’t make it past the first Jail without having to change to easy.

Yeah I know what you mean once I got to the Alice Hiiragi boss fight the game stayed on easy for the rest of the duration. All the enemies (especially the bosses) are complete damage sponges on normal and anything higher.

Does kasumi show up?

It was developed at the same time as Royal so it doesn’t really acknowledge what happened there. The common fanon is that she’s on a gymnastics trip

that sounds like a good theory I like it

I wasn’t as into the gameplay as I’d hoped I would be since I was a few months removed from Fire Emblem Warriors Three Hopes, which I adored. The first couple of Jails felt like a slog but I’m glad I stuck it out. The story’s great, the music’s incredible, and I just liked spending more time with these dorks. 
Far from perfect though. The audio mixing is a complete mess and I don’t care for how they handled the Velvet Room at all.

Excluding P5Royal was this game’s crime

I’m a fan of Musou titles when they license out to other properties and P5S was no exception. I liked how streamlined everything was and was equally surprised that action based combat really meshed well with Persona. I know there have been action RPG Megaten games before, but P5S really knocked it out of the park.

I love the characters, the gameplay was just ok

I really liked the story and I was so happy to continue with these characters. Ryuji dropping the F bomb was legendary 
The gameplay though…woof. No bueno. I am just not a fan of this style of gameplay.

I enjoyed it a lot. The game was short enough that it didn't drag but long enough for me to enjoy the dynamic of the PT that we didn't get in the OG game. I especially like that I can run around in the Jail as different characters besides Joker which was refreshing after all those hours of P5 and P5R I spent on. The soundtrack was amazing and I like that Haru got more screentime to showcase her character. Also Zenkechi and Sophia were a nice addition and their inclusion in the story and it felt more natural as opposed to Royal shoehorning Sumire and Akechi every chance they got.

Great game. I usually don’t like action games like it but it did such a good job of bringing the look and feel of the original P5 that it made it a great experience

I would die for Sophia

I think it was so-so. Let's say, that this was an independent game without any relation with P5 I wouldn't even try to play it. I didn't like it. It had some cool things, like the while gang from the start, and some characters have some more screentime. It was a game that I played once and finished it, mostly coz it was P5, but I won't play ever again,

I didn’t care about the combat or even the story. I didn’t want the game to end either because I was having a nice trip

Not as in-depth as Persona 5, but Persona 5 was already a massive game that Strikers having half the depth still makes it such a huge game. Only wish they expanded on Jails 4 and 5 which felt very short.

Only thing I didn't like was the stealth section.

I'm just gonna copy what I said two months ago on a similar post

A perfect sequel

I wasn’t able to play it because the drops in frames was terrible

Honestly, it was just nice to see them all hanging out together and being teenagers. The whole road trip vibe did a lot for me.
One of my minor gripes with P5/P5R is that they felt less like a group of close knit mates, and more of a collection of individuals with a common goal, especially when compared to the Investigation Team. Strikers did a lot to remedy this for me.

Gameplay was fun. It was great to see the entire group together for the whole adventure. I liked how the villians in it were pretty relatable. Zenkichi's character arc was amazing. My only complaint was Sophia's Persona. Is that really the best they could do...?

It's a great game, not as good as P5 or P5R, but Zenkichi and Sophia are awesome characters, not to mention the scientist girl, can't think of her name at the moment, was a great character

I don't care for warriors-style games, but I went ahead and bought it because to my understanding it's a legit full-on sequel, so I'll give it a shot on that merit alone. I haven't gotten around to finishing P5R yet (though I hear it's more of a sequel to vanilla P5 than P5R), but as soon as I do, I'll jump right into Strikers.

More Haru = more best = good game

I found it really fun and loved having it portable since this was before P5R was on switch, but I'm the end it's just not the same feeling as persona 5!

i enjoyed it

Loved it

I fucking loved it. I'm a big fan of the whole friends going on a road trip thing, it makes me feel nostalgic for some of my past experiences irl. Also I was surprised by how much I enjoyed the combat. I typically get bored of musou style games very easily and end up dropping them but I had no problem finishing P5S.

I thought it was one of the best persona spin-off games with P4AU. I really enjoyed the cast in this one, I kind of wanted the phantom thieves to hang out as friends more often in the original game but it the moments they did have were sparse. Only gripe I have is that they just kind of did a retread of the vanilla story.
P.S. This game made me fall in love with Haru

Battle system translated to action combat even better than I thought it would.

Strikers is a amazing sequel (regardless of Kasumi/Sumire and Akechi not showing up) it was a good experience 
Zenkichi, Ichinose, Sophia and more are incredible new additions to Strikers
I loved Sophia and Zenkichi’s awakening, they were so badass

It proves the writers on the team are keeping notes constantly and writing developments/parallels you can spot even when it isnt called out
My favorite example being Ryuji charging forward to find sophie is made all the more important by the events between him and morgan in 5/R
Haru getting reparations on her screen time as well is appreciated

If people joke about Atlus milking, then strikers is gourmet-level MILK

Total blast, I played it immediately after P5R because I couldn’t wait to see the gang again!

Love these posts because it gives me a chance to say Strikers is an awesome game and any Persona fan should give it a shot

It took me a bit to get used ti the game because of the different style and gameplay, but once you’re used to it it’s pretty good. Not the biggest fan because skills feel pretty much useless from what I’ve played of it so far

It's the only one I haven't finished. I can't get into it. It's boring. Plus, my PS4 became corrupted so I have to start it all over if I play again. Hard pass

I think it’s underrated in terms of characterization.  While there were definitely some questionable moments where they acted out of character for the sake of “comedy” (a consistent fault of the Persona series), I loved how the characters who were underutilized in the prequel were able to apply the lessons they learned to help their adversaries, really honing in on the secondary theme P5 had of empathy.
Plus the music was BANGER.  And Sophia and Zenkichi were amazing new additions.  I would love a Persona 5 3

It's just more persona 5, but with a focus more on hack and slash combat. What's not to love?

Zenkichi is the best Phantom Thief and it's a very worthy sequel

It's the only Persona game I played (and I'm not done with it)

I had a hard time liking it at the beginning, to be honest. The gameplay mechanics were really clunky and the story felt awkward but was interesting. I’m really hoping to get back into it, but damn, that first few hours of gameplay were a drag…

A minorish thing: the fact that every menu choice played a long animation made it a slog to navigate, and it really got on my nerves after while. Felt like P5R did a lot of things well in menuing and UI presentation, only for Strikers to take a step backwards.
The overall game and story I found enjoyable, but a bit short. Most of Joker’s dialogue choices are the exact same, which is a bummer, particularly when juxtaposed against Fire Emblem: Three Hopes having a voiced protagonist with well crafted dialogue options.

I loved the concept of travelling through Japan as a team and solving a palace in each city, but I dislike that we had to do it in a Musou style game instead of a proper JRPG. IIRC the original concept for P5 was to have the main cast be college aged and to have a road. trip, so I guess this is a continuation of that vision. Wish it was the main game instead though just to shake up the formula

I liked it more than I expected to. The muso aspect put me off to it originally and I thought the story would suffer because of it. I really enjoyed it—hoping for maybe another P5 spin-off/sequel

For an action RPG take on Persona 5, it was great. The story takes a bit to really kick off around the fourth dungeon (once the game breaks the "its literally just Persona 5 but again. Heck, Yusukes arc is even the second one again" facade), but once it does the story is solid with some great new characters alongside the P5 cast. The characters are all fun to play as, some even more than others. The soundtrack overall isn't as good as P5s, but it definitely comes close with Counterstrike being a favorite track of mine between both games. It's a really damn solid game, and its kinda weird I don't hear about it often but still hear a whole ton about P5 or P5R considering it's the sequel to those games (I think it can exist in either vanilla or Royal, if Yoshisawa and Sophia/Zenkichi wind up in the same game at one point it wouldnt surprise me)

Honestly I liked it more than regular persona 5

Sophia is hands down my favorite Persona 5 character

An absolutely phenomenal sequel

It was my favorite spin off in the series but I’m ngl I stopped at the final boss, died like 3x and had 0 interest in continuing. Better than dancing at least.

Bought it yesterday and I’m only a few hours in. I’ll let you know. The sound mixing of some of the voices is really jarring. But man it feels good to be back with the crew.

The game is incredibly fun, but if you’ve got Joy-Con Drift, good luck not trying to pull you hair out

Pretty solid story great to see the crew back again + plus hype moments near the end with the new characters. Kinda sucks you have to re romance and its not much in that regard. The worst flaw to the game is the gameplay. You have to play on easy the bosses are just pure cancer hp sponges.

Playing it right now and I love it. Zenkichi and Sophia were great new characters.

I think the game is great I enjoyed every second of it and all the new characters that were introduced. I actually do really like the gameplay especially because I'm more of a fan of action RPGs than turn based even though I think turn-based RPGs are good too.

As a musou genre enjoyer, Loved every minute of it tbh

It was great! It wasn't as good in gameplay, plot, or dungeon design, but it went harder than P5/R did on my favorites aspect of the game — the characters, their interactions, the friend group vibe. In P5 we get very little time with all the Thieves at once; this is game changes that big time and is a gem for that alone.

I loved it. I really loved the PT cast and wasn't sure how they could add any new characters that I'd add to my party over OG members... but then they gave us Sophie and Zenkichi who were perfect fits lol. 
I'm also more into action RPG than turn based (don't get me wrong, I still love turn based rpgs), so it was really fun to see them in that style.

JRPG road trips are top tier.

I enjoy the "Warriors" style games, so I really liked it. I wish it had included Kasumi and content from P5 Royal, or they had released any extra content for the game after it launched, but it was still a good game.

The only thing I missed was the calendar and the social links. I think there was more to be said for each character in each city, but obviously that's a much larger endeavor than the game was setting out to pursue.

I was just pissed that Futaba was not a playable character again. Let me play as the hacker gurl. :<

My overall opinion was “meh”.  I struggled to play through it all, and every time I did, I would just think about how much I missed playing P5R.  
It wasn’t terrible by any means.  I liked Sophia and Zenkichi well enough, I thought the bonding moments between the Thieves was well done, the music was really good and I liked the character development that everyone had during the game, but honestly, I can’t bring myself to play it again.  
The controls don’t feel right, everything looks too plastic-like for my tastes, the voices are too quiet sometimes which really detracts from the moment sometimes, the story was extremely predictable and the jails all felt the same.
In the end, while I’m glad I got to experience the game for myself, I kind of wish I had just watched someone else play it, because now it’s just sitting there in my library, probably never going to be played again.

Doesn't grab me in the same way that Fire Emblem: Three Hopes does even though the mechanics are similar: Musou-ish gameplay (though Three Hopes is much closer to the traditional Dynasty Warriors experience) mixed with spellcasting.
It's a good way to pass the time, and it has a good story. Sophia is a really lovely character, and Zenkichi works as a foil to Ikutsuki. I just don't love the game. This does not mean I dislike it. It's a 7/10 in my book. Likeable, playable, but not on my personal GOAT list.

Sophie is adorable and must be protected

I bought it still haven’t played it lmao

I honestly would’ve just enjoyed more of the original P5 style turn based gameplay. Just not a fan of the warriors-style archetype

Recently finished playing it and got the platinum on ps5 (major grind). I loved the game, new music was amazing, new characters really grew on me and the story was actually pretty good too, overall really loved the game!

Strikers is a great expansion to the lore and characters even if it didn’t have characters like Kasumi take part. 
And uh, not that anyone is going to see this but I designed all the mobile backgrounds here. Not a credit in sight…

I adored strikers. I truly wish that Sophie and Zenkichi (ESPECIALLY Zenkichi) got more recognition in the community. They are excellent characters!

Loved it. A pleasant surprise loved the new phantom thieves. The best dynasty warriors game I’ve played but it plays closer to persona.

I played abit I like the story but sadly I can’t get into the combat I’ve tried three times to get into it but I found the combat boring

I think of it as a great gateway to an Action RPG persona game, more than likely a spinoff like P5X with completely new characters and not really main line. I think the main problem wi the the game, however, is that you can just spam combos and Al there’s not too much thought into it. A great game for story, characters, and mindless fun.

Marshmallow

I enjoyed it but shame the story felt rehashed. The new characters are fantastic.
Any non-PC port looks horrific though, even on the PS5.

it was cute and fun and clunky. great music, obviously. i’ll never play it again tho

I’m playing it right now. Having fun with it once I wrapped my head around it’s not trying to be the first game. Went straight from P5R into Strikers.

I found it the perfect sequel to P5. Just a smaller new adventure with the old troupe
Also turned Haru from worst girl to best girl

I love it! It was my first game from the franchise

Really fun game for what it was.

I felt it was very clearly a different writing team. I am in the minority in saying the transition was not smooth at all. The English definitely flowed better in strikers but I found the content itself to be of lower quality and some scenes I just found to be so cringe (the fucking bath scene made me quit out the game). The characters didn’t feel like themselves, instead exaggerated caricatures. Overall, I’d say it felt like fan fic more than a sequel, but that’s just my opinion and apparently not a very popular one

Sophie is so cute 🥺. I loved her arc so much and Zencichi. Great characters that I really cared about. I'm glad they were brought in.

Best girl got screen time, we got Smol Mochi who can somehow use Diarama better than Diarahan, Grandpa Zucchini, and Best Boy said the Fuck word, best game ever Fuck/10

If they poured concrete in futabas mouth it would be a solid 7/10

I loved it, but I couldn't help feeling bitter the entire time knowing it was a sequel to P5 not P5R.

Haru says "fuck the police" in the most calmest yet coldest manner.
So yeah it's amazing

Great game, some balance issues but massively overlooked

It's storyline was great. It added well to the themes of P5/R. Everyone was likeable throughout, though the combat is a little repetitive.

Some of the best writing in the franchise if you ask me

I liked Strikers better than Royal.

I played through this game only once but I adored my time with it.
Zenkechi is my second favorite Persona character and it was so sagt to play as other characters in the Jails.

It’s fun but man I wish they wouldn’t have been developing this game at the same time as P5R. The missing characters should’ve been there.
As long as we get one more game like a P5 Arena then it’s ok I guess. Strikers was a lot of fun on its own I just wanted everyone to be in it

Loved it

I really wanted to like it, and really wanted extra character time and content, but I am genuinely too incompetent with the combat system to play it. Even with the lowest difficulty, I can’t get through even early stages. I’ve got to be missing something, because it’s genuinely pathetic, haha.

Idk what it is about this game but I suck so bad at it. I want to play but I just don't seem to be able to pull off the combat, which is really weird because I play a lot of different games and don't have that problem generally.
Sometimes I think about catching the story/"movie" on YouTube  but I know that won't be nearly as satisfying.

I absolutely loved it

i thought it was great, i think i'm one of like 5 people who actually like the nintendo warriors gameplay wise and this felt very similar but imo better i really enjoyed the combat and felt each character was fairly well balanced and fun to play as, i enjoyed the writing it helped with one of my biggest complaints about p5 and actually made the cast seem like friends and i love zenkichi and sophia, the only complaint i remember is sometimes the visuals were not the best i remember the lab building literally just disappearing at certain angles, but yea good game

I really like it maybe more than p5r since im more into beat em up games like yakuza instead of turn based games.

An excellent sequel indeed! I especially love Zenkichi and the fact that I can use characters other than Joker for once

It's very good.  It's probably the only Persona side game that feels like a genuine sequel to its mainline game.  It's not my favorite side game, gameplay-wise, but the writing and presentation just feel perfectly in line with the main game.  Fantastic production.

Honestly? I really dont like the dynasty warrior type games so the gameplay was awfully boring for me. The first Jail was great, the Island Trip was great, and beyond that the rest of the story was just kind of a boring retread of P5 Imo. I did like the character building on the thieves. I liked Zenkichi and Sophie though, and hope to see more of them in any future p5 properties. I can definitely see why its commonly enjoyed though.

I remember the achievement grind, oh god, the grind...

Story was uh… still flawed, despite improvements from base P5, but gameplay was enjoyable

I loved it! Just wish it was made after Royal

P5R might be a better game, but Strikers is just so much FUN. It's the one I've found myself replaying more. All the main characters are there from very early on in the story so you don't have to wait, getting to road trip with them makes me so happy, Zenkichi and Sophia are great, and you finally get to feed Yusuke.
You do gotta wonder if these kids are going to spend the rest of their lives waiting for the metaverse to reactivate again. No really we shut it down for good this time!

ADD SUMIRE TO STRIKER!

Great but should have followed Royal not Vanilla P5, Also should have included Akechi and Yoshizawa

Akechi is dead

No he's not. >! They show him at end of p5r!<

I think it’s meant to be ambiguous

How is it ambiguous when the developers have legit said it's him? Also you think they would slow down the video and show him just for it to be another student at Akechi's school? Come on, man. I know the Akechi haters are all over, but it's obviously him. Look at the shape of his head.

Did the devs say that? From my memory it’s a quick flash of a uniform without a face. Could be wrong though.

photo
See link.

I just started the game. But I feel like the combat is way too dependent on sp consuming skills, which completely trivialized the action part of it. The game should be either completely turn based or the regular attacks of characters should be more impactful.

Rack up combos to trigger magic attacks without using SP. But yeah, it’s annoying.

if you combo you can use skills without wasting sp

i loved the game, utterly hated the conclusion we got with sophia and ichinose.
wont go into it too much, but you mean to tell me im not allowed to trust zenkichi just cause hes a cop, even ehen makoto wants to be a cop, but im forced to trust this sciencey lady even when knowing nothing of her i hated seeing her, her being on screen made me wantto skip dialogue and made me go so feral i had multiple angry rages in chats about her
and then after everything, sophie just forgives her? wants to go with the person who discarded her? made me emotional at the ending for all the wrong reasons
other than ichinose though, i loved the game. it was great and i adored it

I consider it essential to get the full story.
Vanilla P5: Broken characters take on the world
P5 Royal: Fragile characters are tempted to be shielded from the world
P5 Strikers: Matured characters can fully tackle the world.
Especially the first three arcs you get to see similar situations to events in P5 but the characters handle it differently because of their character growth. Despite how they were all developed so separately it's very amazing how cohesive everything is in terms of story or themes.

Boring, musou is a incredible bad genre.

I disagree. After loving Strikers and Age of Calamity I found its s pretty awsome genre and I hope fore a Final Fantasy Warriors game so I can play ss Vivi.
Honestly I  had a lot more fun with Age of Calamity then with Breath of the Wild.
